answer me. I suspect that of all the wrong places I had 
blundered into, this was the most so. But I didn't care ; and,
though the apartment was full of soldiers, surgeons, starers,
and spittoons, I cornered a perfectly incapable person, and
proceeded to pump for information with following re-
sult : 
	"Was the Governor anywhere about ?"
No he wasn't.
	"Could he tell me where to look ?"
No, he couldn't.
" Did he know anything about free passes ?"
No, he didn't.
	" Was there any one there of whom I could inquire ?"
Not a person.
" Did he know of any place where information could be 
obtained ?"	
	Not a place.
" Could he throw the smallest gleam of light upon the mat-
ter, in any way ?"
	Not a ray.
I am naturally irascible, and if I could have shaken this
negative gentlemen vigorously, the relief would have been immense. The prejudices of society forbidding this mode of
redress, I merely glowered at him ; and before my wrath
found vent in words, my General appeared, having seen me from an opposite window, and come to know what I was about.
At her command the languid gentlemen woke up, and troub-
led himself to remember that Major or Sergeant or something
Me K. knew all about the tickets, and his office was in Milk Street. I perked ip instanter, and then, as if the exertion
was too much for him, what did this animated wet blanket do but add ---

Page 16
" I think Me K. may have left milk street, now, and I
don't know where he has gone." 
" Never mind ; the new corners will know where he has
moved to, my dear, so don't be discouraged ; and if you don't
succeed, come to me, and we will see what to do next," said 
my General.
	I blessed her in a fervent manner and a cool hall, fluttered
round the corner, and bore down upon Milk street, bent on
discovering ME K. if such a being was to be found.  He
wasn't, and the ignorance of the neighborhood was really piti-
able.  Nobody know anything, and after tumbling over bun-
dles of leather, bumping against big boxes, being nearly anni-
hilated by descending bales, and sworn at by aggravated
truckmen, I finally elicited the advice to look for Me K. in
Haymaker Square.  Who my informant was I've really for-
gotten ; fo.", having hailed several busy gentlemen, some one of
them fabricated this delusive quietus for the perturbed spirit,
who instantly departed to the sequestered locality he named. 
If I had been in search of the Koh-i-noor diamond I should
have been as likely to find it there as any vestige of ME K.
I stared at signs, inquired in shops, invaded an eating house, 
visited the recruiting tent in the middle of the square, made
myself a nuisance generally, and accumulated mud enough to
retard another Nile.   All in vain : and I mournfully turned 
my face toward the General's, feeling that I should be
forced to enrich the railroad company after all ; when, suddenly,
I beheld that admirable young man, brother-in-law Darby
Coobiddy, Esq. I arrested him with a burst of news, and wants, and 
woes, which caused his manly countenance to lose
its usual repose.
	" Oh, my dear boy, I'm going to Washington at five, and 
I can't find the free ticket man, and there won't be time to see

Page 17
Joan, and I'm so tired and crossI don't know what to do ;
and will you help me, like a cherub as you are ?"
" Oh, yes, of course.  I know a fellow who will set us
right, responded Darby, mildly excited, and darting into
some kind of an office, held counsel with an invisible angel,
who sent him out radiant. " All serene. I've got him. I'll 
see you through the  business, and then get Joan from the 
Dove Cote in time to see you off."
I'm a woman's rights woman, and if any man had offered
help in the morning. I should have condescendingly refused
it, sure that I could do everything as well, if not better, my-
self.  My strong-mindedness had rather abated since then, 
and I was now quite ready to be be a "timid trembler," if neces-
sary.  Dear me ! how easily Darby did it all : he just asked
one question , received an answer, tucked me under his arm,
and in ten minutes I stood in the presence of Me K.,the 
Desired.
	" Now my troubles are over,"thought I, and as usual was 
direfully mistaken.
	" You will have to get a pass from Dr. H., in Temple 
Place, before I can give you a pass madam," answered ME
K., as blandly as if he wasn't carrying desolation to my soul.
Oh, indeed ! why did't you he send me to Dorchester Heights,
India Wharf, or Bunker Hill Monument, and done with it ?
Here I was, after a morning 's tramp, down in some place about
Dock Square, and was told to step to Temple Place.  Nor 
was that all ; he might as well have asked me to catch a hum-
ming bird, toast a salamander, or call on the man in the moon, 
as find a Doctor at home at the busiest hour of the day.  It
was a blow ; but weariness had extinguished enthusiasm, and
resignation clothed me as a garment.  I sent Darby for Joan,
and doggedly paddled off, feeling that mud was my native ele-

Page 18
ment, and quite sure that the evening papers would announce
the appearance of the Wandering Jew, in feminine habili-
ments.
	"IS Dr. H. in ?"
	"No,mum, he aint."
Of course he wasn't ; I knew that before I asked: and, 
considering it all in the light of a hollow mockery, added :
	"When will he probably return ?"
If the damsel had said, "ten to-night," I should have felt a 
grim satisfaction, in the fulfillment of my own dark prophecy ;
but she said, "At two mum ;" and I felt it a personal insult.
	"I'll call, then. Tell him my business is important :" with
which mysteriously delivered message I departed, hoping that
I left her consumed with curiosity ; for mud rendered me an
object of interest.
	By way of resting myself, I crossed the Common, for the 
third time, bespoke the carriage, got some lunch, packed my
purchases, smoothed mu plumage, and was back again, as the
clock struck two. The Doctor hadn't come yet ; and I was 
morally certain that he would not. till, having waited till the 
last minute, I was driven to buy a ticket, and five minutes
after the irrevocable deed was done, he would be at my serv-
ice, with all manner of helpful documents and directions. 
Everything goes by contraries with me ; so, having made up
my mind to be disappointed, of course I wasn't ; for, present-
ly, in walked Dr. H., and no sooner had he heard my errand,
and glanced at my credentials, then he said, with the most en-
gaging readiness :
	" I will give you the order, with pleasure, madam."
	Words connot express how soothing and delightful it was to
find, at last, somebody who could do what I wanted, without 
sending me from Dan to Beersheba, for a dozen other bodies  ... ... ...
