Hospital Sketches.
I
A Day.
"Which naming no names, no offence could be took."-- Salry Gamp
"They've come! They've come! hurry up, ladies--you're wanted."
"Who have come? The rebels?"
This sudden summons in the grey dawn was somewhat starting to a
three days' nurse like myself, and as the thundering knock came at our
door, I sprang up in my bed, prepared
"to gird my woman's for, and on the ramparts die,"
if necessary, but my room-mate took it more cooly, and as she began
a rapid tollet, answered my bewildered question.
"Bless you, no child; it's the wounded from Fredericksburg; forty ambulances are 
at the door,and we shall have our hands full in fifteen minutes."
"What shall we have to do?"
"Was, dress, feed, warm, and nurse them for the next three months, I dare say.
Eighty beds are ready, and we were getting impatient for the men to come. Now
you will begin to see hospital life in earnest, for you probably won't find time to sit 
down all day, and may think yourself fortunate if you get to bed by midnight.
Come to me in ballroom when you are ready; the worst cases are always carried there, and 
I shall need your help."
So saying the energetic little woman twirled her hair into a button at the back of her
head in a "cleared for action" sort of style, and vanished wrestling her way into 
a feminine kind of pea jaket as she went.
I am free to confess that I had a realizing sense of the fact that my hospital bed was not
a bed of roses just then, or the prospect before me one of unmingled rapture. My three days'
experiences had begun with a death, and owing to the defalcation of another nurse, a 
somewhat abrupt plunge into the superintendence of a ward containing forty beds, where I 
spent my shining hours washing faces, serving rations, giving medicine, and sitting in a 
very hard chair, with pneumonia on one side, diptheria on the other, five typboids opposite,
and a dozen dilapidated patriots, hopping, lying, and lounging about, all staring more or
less at the new "nuss," who suffered untold agonies, but concealed them under as matronly
an aspect as a spinster could assume, and blundered through her trying labors with a spartan 
firmness, which I hope they appreciated, but am afraid they didn't.
