Ixusuru. xxztcuu. I ‘.

CHAPTER II.

A ronw/nu) novmxn.

 

A: travelers ike on give flmir own imprcssiuns of a journey,
thnugb every inch at me man] may have been descxibed .
halfn due“ time: b2fa1c,I ndvl some of am note: made by
[ha way. hoping am they mll mulw: the render. and mm
vixwctlsa skeptical that mmnm being as Nurse Periwinkle
am exist. am she really (12.1 gn to Washington. and mm
mm Skemhcs are we romance.

mm rm T/'m'n—S2rm 1-. a1.—s,.in..a..g alnng to msm
nm1mm.c.vmyL.m.1m.. vmy cnmfonable; munch ginger-
lrrcmi. and Mm. 0.‘; ﬁne pour, which deserves hannmLlemen-
mm, heuauac my first 1mmr.m~.. mm comm-ml by :1, and plum-
ant mmmcnom u|' ml. kindly sender and xmmm. Look
mm m Dr. 1115 ynper of dim:t.ions—puL my tickets in m
my cam-civahlc phce, am my may be get-ufrnble. and En h
by losing them mumly. Sulfur ngunies an n nompassinnalu
neighbor pokes them nut of a crack with my pm..xmar.=. Pun
mm in am imam corner of my pulse. that in am deepest
xmusses nf my pocket, yile 2 collar.-|inn of miscellaneous mu.

Ir. uosL>n'.u. muwnuna.

ulna inmp. nnn pin up the whale. Just get wmpnsed. feeling
that no dune my best to kw}: chum s:il'cIy.w1::n lhu Can.
Iluclar nnnem, null I-in fumed to mun them nu out again, nx.
‘pulsing my pm ions, and getting inm nnnuei at kwping
uie ninn waiting. ny, fasten them an die sent before inn.
and keep onncyn n my upon the yellow eennennn, till 1 for.
get nu about them, in chat. with me genueinnn wliu share: my
Hiniug heard unmpluiuts of the ninnia my in which
Aineiinein wamcn bu-omc images of petriﬁed pmpf _n, if nd»
dressed lvyslmngixrs, when traveling alone, the inburn per
Varsity of my uixtum came: nm to aﬁulnv: an Entirely oppo~
ninn alyluofdepnrtmenb; nna, ﬁmling my eumpauinn hails
from Lime Athens. is imqnuinted with awe:-ml of in, three
innnnnen and sixtyﬁve causing, and in nmy nny n xcspizch»
hle nml neeneeirni nneniiien ns sncicty, 1 nnc iny bnsbfnlncss in
my pocket, IE5. plunge inn: n lung conrexsntion an an war.
the weather. ninsin. Carlyle, ski1l'mg,ganins,haaw, unrl the
immunaliry er the suul.